docs: readme formatting (#4938)
GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples: README.md

# Google Cloud Platform Python Samples

Python samples for [Google Cloud Platform products][cloud].

[![Build Status][py-2.7-shield]][py-2.7-link] [![Build Status][py-3.6-shield]][py-3.6-link] [![Build Status][py-3.7-shield]][py-3.7-link] [![Build Status][py-3.8-shield]][py-3.8-link]

## Setup

1. Install [`pip` and `virtualenv`][cloud_python_setup] if you do not already have them.

1. Clone this repository:

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples.git
    ```

1. Obtain authentication credentials.

    Create local credentials by running the following command and following the
    oauth2 flow (read more about the command [here][auth_command]):

    ```
    gcloud auth application-default login
    ```

    Read more about [Google Cloud Platform Authentication][gcp_auth].

## How to run a sample

1. Change directory to one of the sample folders, e.g. `logging/cloud-client`:

    ```
    cd logging/cloud-client/
    ```

> 1. Create a virtualenv. Samples are compatible with Python 3.6+.

Reviewer: Samples are compatible with Python 3.6+, except for those in the appengine/standard folder, which are compatible with Python 2.7.

Author: Do you want me to state that in the main README with dozens of products? That seems like an exception, in which case we can document it in that sub sub dir.

https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/tree/master/appengine/standard

I think it's fine, but we could add "Samples are **generally** compatible with Python 3.6+." - but that's leaving a bit of unnecessary mystery imo.

Reviewer: I'm okay with this.

> 1. Create a virtualenv. Samples are compatible with Python 2.7 and 3.4+.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a virtualenv. Samples are compatible with Python 3.6+.
```

>     ```
>     virtualenv env
>     source env/bin/activate
>     ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ```
    python3 -m venv env
    source env/bin/activate
    ```
```

[![Build Status][py-2.7-shield]][py-2.7-link] [![Build Status][py-3.6-shield]][py-3.6-link] [![Build Status][py-3.7-shield]][py-3.7-link] [![Build Status][py-3.8-shield]][py-3.8-link]

## Setup

1. Install [`pip` and `virtualenv`][cloud_python_setup] if you do not already have them.

1. Clone this repository:

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples.git
    ```

1. Obtain authentication credentials.

    Create local credentials by running the following command and following the
    oauth2 flow (read more about the command [here][auth_command]):

    ```
    gcloud auth application-default login
    ```

    Read more about [Google Cloud Platform Authentication][gcp_auth].

## How to run a sample

1. Change directory to one of the sample folders, e.g. `logging/cloud-client`:

    ```
    cd logging/cloud-client/
    ```

1. Create a virtualenv. Samples are compatible with Python 2.7 and 3.4+.

    ```
    virtualenv env
    source env/bin/activate
    ```

1. Install the dependencies needed to run the samples.

    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

1. Run the sample:

    ```
    python snippets.py
    ```

## Contributing

> Contributions welcome! See the [Contributing Guide][CONTRIBUTING.md].

Reviewer: Need parens, not square brackets, around CONTRIBUTING.md.

Author: Fixed. :)
